We need to discuss the house as a group in the near future and this seems like an easy way to coordinate that
How do we go about applying for off campus status?
We should have that meeting tonight
How does 7:30 work for people?
I can’t make it tonight
Just a quick warning to all the lovely people we will need to stay up till midnight tomorrow to get off campus, it is released at midnight on the first
Do y’all have a copy of the lease?
Can everyone stop by at 5pm on Thursday the ninth
On the 9th Thursday
Jay says command strips or sticky tack, the walls are plaster
Also, the deposit is 250
Per person? 
It is due when the lease is signed
Yes
Also, I will probably just bring you guys separately to meet J as necessary You would like to meet you all on the ninth at some point to see the lease
So that one is OK if you can’t I’ll pick the same time, but as many times as possible so I’m only making as minimal trips as possible would be preferred
Usually has people pay via Zelle
I need y’all’s id numbers
And room draw numbers
I thought it was just for your group of three
Well, Catherine, you’ll need the other ones 
Id: 2129304
Room draw: 20957
Won’t I just need Genevieve’s?
But regardless
ID: 2128140
Room Draw: 20518
Josie, Hannah, our form is submitted 
It may be 597 actually
Our form is submitted, hopefully nothing goes wrong because only one of us has a number
Also Isabel did I leave my ID at your apartment?
It does say the decline the request if you don’t have it so I would try to press the back button and resubmit it with Genevieve’s number
Whenever she responds
I did not see your ID at the apartment, but I’m already gone
There is a fire pit in the backyard 
No one has been approved yet because they are waiting on Sean somebody to answer two questions before they send out approval or disproval emails but as he is teaching a class the earliest they will be sent out is two hours from now and that is generous as well as unlikely 
not been granted permission to live off-campus for the 2026-2027 academic year
Not granted “permission”?? What are we, four?
I won’t even be a full time student in the spring
I assume that Catherine wasn’t granted off campus
How high do you think the likelihood is that we’d get pushed off anyways bc of incoming students
Very high
They offer everyone off campus in July when they realize they don’t have space
I’m genuinely a little confused about their criteria for picking people???
Is it grade based or based on room draw numbers
Both
Senior senior groups are ahead of senior junior groups, though
Ok that would make sense that they’re judging off of multiple factors
So are we still room drawing then?
Yes, mostly for backup, I am expecting us to be moved to off campus very shortly, but working on that and room draw is very very soon
When do you think they’ll move us off?
If I have anything to do with it soon, but otherwise July
Hey y’all, our room draw selection time is about 5:00 PM, do we wanna have a housing meeting for everybody in jp2 and decide some of what we wanna do tomorrow at that time?
We for sure have the apartments there weren’t any row houses or separate bedroom apartments available, they said they’re gonna move stuff soon when they send people off campus
In the summer
Listening to the women’s current prediction they currently don’t think all the sophomores will get assigned a room based on how many people they currently have off campus
So sophomore don’t have room draw because they’re aren’t enough rooms?
So they’re going to do what, kick more people off?
Yes?
Sophomores will have room draw. They just won’t get assigned rooms if they have more than one person.
Is there a way we can get Jay to do a conditional lease, so it’s more easily broken in the unlikely scenario we don’t get off campus?
Everyone meet my new toy
Cd player?!?
CDs, Bluetooth, aux, FM/AM radio with 20 presets EACH, and a TAPE PLAYER
Hey at some point can we talk rooms? I know Isabel has hers already, but I’m just feeling anxious about the unknown, and I really can’t live in the small room, and just wanted to know what everyone else’s preferences are. I know I’d really like the medium room with the vanity, if that’s okay with everyone else. I know this really isn’t a right now problem it’s just that the unknown is really weighing on me rn and I’d prefer to know just so I can like sleep and such.
The only reason Isabel has her room picked out is for medical reasons 
I know that, that wasn’t really the meat and potatoes of my concern
Hey after we go see the house we NEED to talk about some things. There are a couple things that have been discussed that have made me realize we’re not all on the same page, and it’s become increasingly frustrating for me, and having talked to some other people in the group it has been frustrating for them too. We need to sort things out, and we need to do it soon.
If you’re so frustrated, you try to schedule everybody it’s really hard to get a time, everybody is able to meet. As I’m pretty sure there hasn’t been a single time all semester that everybody’s like “Yes, I can be there.” The closest we got was the 5 PM meeting with Jay and that was only because Josie was willing to postpone leaving for the airport
I said after we go to see the house.
Yes, we do need to talk about some things. But we haven’t been able to meet yet. So there is no reason to be upset about things that are still up in the air. Some ideas have not been brought up to the whole group because there has not been an appropriate time for that yet. Again, nothing has been finalized so no one should feel left out. We haven’t even sighed the lease yet. I’m sure everyone is stressed out with finals around the corner. Let’s try to give everyone a little grace right now as we work through scheduling difficulties. We all want the same things for the household and for each other   
The only one I have not heard back from is Genevieve, the residents just wanted confirmation of when we were visiting today
So if anyone sees her please let her know but there was a small window of time that the residents are available
Does anyone have anything they have questions over before we arrive or that they want to make sure are asked?
I want to see what kind of bookshelves there are
That sounds silly but people tend to underestimate how many they need
It looks like the best time to visit the house right now seems to be 6:15 pm Monday May 4th. That has been cleared with the residents and that way we can see the house